Sanda again waiting to pull the trigger
any scores under got there first
turn around
the sloppy piece of play just gifted
Chelsea a chance with a Dominic Solanki
and you just give them chances to take
him away from Williams
he's still going Charlie mashanda and
still mousse under feet from asunder
just bought yourself a bit of run and
this is abrahamic you again across the
face this last time out in the league
for the young great teams they beat
Severson by a goal to nil this is
Charlie mashanda
but try
Shakhtar just like that killer bought
themselves ahead least I think oh is it
the post
Charlie was cinder from distance might
get better here
don't solanki
and they can play here
absolutely brilliant from lost his
chicken suddenly it's four on four for
Chelsea this is Charlie moose andhe
lovely Paul what a girl this would be
the end of it it is fantastic
it'll be Charlie boots under and it's
absolutely fantastic
Charlie mashanda Saunders cross and
solanki got that all wrong
Masada on he goes
Charlie misunder what a run and again
from machi
again and the Sunda saw a gap went for
it just keep going charlie
keep going Charlie okay take it
Charlie musong the well and it's even
better than the last one
from Boger